This program helps determine which working group drafts reference
particular technologies from other working groups.  The goal is to
help working groups or directorates catch documents "external" to
them, which use standards that they define.

The reports generated by this tool help directorates review external
drafts, to ensure that they meet "best practices".  Without a tool
like this, the drafts would have to be searched manually.


USAGE
-----

The script needs a local copy of all of the internet drafts.  This is
retrieved by running this command:

	$ make sync

It uses 'rsync' to grab the drafts.  It may take 5-10 minutes,
depending on your system and network connection.  The sync should be
done once a day AT MOST.  Ideally, once a week.  Doing it more often
will overload the IETF rsync server.

The main program is ietf-tech-report :

	$ ./ietf-tech-report radius

This prints a list of internet-drafts which reference the "radius"
technology, and which are outside of the RADEXT and DIME working
groups.

See the file "tech.txt" for a list of named "technologies", along with
their mapping to working groups and WFCs.


TECHNOLOGIES
------------

Instead of requiring you to remember lists of RFCs and working groups,
this program uses a simple "technology" concept.  he technologies are
defined in the file "tech.txt".  This file should be edited to add
whatever data you need about a particular "technology".  Lists of
RFCs, working groups, etc.

The format is pretty simple:

	NAME -WG -WG #### #### ####

  NAME = name of the technology.  e.g. radius
  -WG  = which working groups to avoid.  e.g. -radext -dime
  #### = RFC number.  e.g. 2865 2866 2867

This configuration allows you to just use NAME for a technology,
rather than giving a list of RFCs.  The ability to exclude working
groups comes because we presume that the WG is already aware of its
own documents.  The purpose of this tool is to find documents in
*other* working groups which use a technology.  They might not be
aware of best practices, and you might not be aware of what they're
doing.


DETAILED USAGE
--------------

The help text is as follows:

	$ ./ietf-tech-report  -h
	ietf-tech-report [-h] [-i] [-N] [-r LIST] [-W EXCLUDE] tech...
	   -h         print this message
	   -i         include informative references for the technologies
	   -k         keyword(s) to look for
	   -N         exclude normative references (default is to include them
	   -r LIST    comma-separated list of key RFCs
	   -W EXCLUDE comma-separated list of working groups to exclude
	
	   The 'tech' is a list of RFCs or technologies to look for.
	   See the file 'tech.txt' for more configuration

The program normally reads the "tech.txt" file to get a map of "tech"
name to a list of RFCs.  e.g. "radius" means RFC 2865, 2866, etc.  It
then reads the Internet-Drafts, noting which ones have normative
reference to the RFCs labeled "radius".  Once done, it prints out a
list of those drafts, along with the document status.

The "-i" command-line option can be used to include drafts which also
have "informative" references to the named technology.  Using it means that
the report contains a more complete list of drafts.

The "-N" command-line option can be used to exclude drafts which have
normative references to the named technology.  Note that some drafts
may have both normative and informative references to the relevant
RFCs, in which case they are still printed out when "-i -N" is used.

The "-r" option is a comma-separated list of RFCs to include in the
report of normative references.  The "-W" option takes a
comma-separated list of working group names to exclude from reports.

e.g.

	$ /ietf-tech-report -r 2865,2866,2867,2868,2869,3162,3575,3579,3580,4675,5080,5090,5176,6158 -W radext,dime

This prints out a list of drafts which reference any of the above
RFCs, and which are not published by the RADEXT or DIME working
groups.

It is usually simpler to just use "./ietf-tech-report radius".

It is also possible to generate a report by searching for a keyword.
Only one keyword can be specified.  e.g. -k "performance metric".
Searches are case insensitive.


SENDING EMAIL
-------------

The Makefile can be edited to send a weekly summary to a working group
mailing list.  To enable this, edit the Makefile, and set the
following variables:

	TECH = radius

The technology to search for.

	FROM = user@example.com

The user to send mail "from".

	TO = wg@ietf.org

The name of the working group mailing list.  The "FROM" user must be
subscribed to the list.

Then:

	$ make mail.txt

To make a message suitable for sending to a working group mailing
list.  The header is in the file "top.txt".

Finally send the mail:

	$ make send


CRON
----

I suggest sending email once a week, via a cron job:

	22 1 * * 0 /usr/bin/make -s -C /path/to/directory sync send

Be warned that the "sync" portion might take 5-10 minutes.  You may
want to run the "sync" first, and then 15 minutes later, run the
"send" portion.
